{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green28\blue31;\red245\green245\blue245;\red25\green25\blue25;
\red234\green234\blue234;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red234\green234\blue234;
\red102\green177\blue50;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c14510\c16078;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c96863;\csgenericrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;
\csgenericrgb\c91765\c91765\c91765;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c9804\c9804\c9804;\csgenericrgb\c91765\c91765\c91765;
\cssrgb\c46532\c73327\c25364;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My Quotes - Best quotes collections and quote creator\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 117.4.246.174\

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
keyword: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
friendship quotes,\
 friendship quotes,\
 best friend quotes,\
 happy quotes,\
 motivation,\
 positive quotes,\
 family quotes,\
 life quotes, \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 life is beautiful quotes\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb1 quote of the day\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb5 text on photo\
cool fonts, beautiful fonts\
best quotes\
no watermark\
\
My Quotes is best Text on photo application help you to see, edit and share awesome quotes to your friends. My Quotes contains thousands of quotes which are categorized into many categories. The application makes you easy to find your favorite quotes and share with your friends.\
\
Even better, you can create beautiful quote images from our quote library. Quote creator provide you a set of tools that are easy to use, so you can create great quote images by writing text on your photos and sharing them on social networks.\
\
Hundreds of beautiful fonts, lots of beautiful pictures, nice quotes, waiting for you to use. They help you create your own custom quote images easily.\
\
Imagine that, with lots of categories, you can search for ideas and create your own wonderful quote picure:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Want to send a message to your best friends? Please search in friendship quotes category\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 You need motivation to realize your dream? The motivational quote or positive quotes category is for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Want to send wishes to parents? Let parent quotes or mother quotes speak for you.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Feel the love life and beautiful life, let\'92s share the awesome quotes in the life quote to your friends.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 Want to find words of the day to get inspired? My Quotes will immediately give you a hint.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
A lot of interesting things are waiting for you. You can also create your own words, poems, emotions or anything to share with your friends.\
\
With a beautiful interface design, optimized user experience, My Quotes is the best and easiest quote creator to help you create quotes. You can easily share the quotes we provide or your artwork to social networks like Facebook, twitter, instagram, whatsapp or any other.\
\
Features of My Quotes - best quote creator application that you can not ignore:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  Beautiful User interface, user friendly.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  Contains thousands of quotes of many categories you enjoy: Friends, love, inspiration, family, and many more interesting categories ...\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  \cf8 \cb9 Easily \cf4 \cb5 create quote pictures from beautiful backgrounds library and rich ideas. You can also use your own ideas with the pictures available in the camera or taken from the camera.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  Provides the best fonts (about 100 fonts) to make your picture more artistic and beautiful. With cool and beautiful fonts, you can create anything you want.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  Provides photo effects to make your picture more beautiful.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  All you need to do is insert text on photo and make it beautiful with My Quotes. It\'92s very easy to use tools. Be creative to create great works.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  Easily save and share your friends wonderful quote photos.\

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0  The application does not insert watermark on your quote photos.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf6 \cb7 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \'a1\'ef 
\f0 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 My Quotes is totallly free.\
\
Let's create great things from our great app.\
\
\cf10 \cb11 My Quotes l\'e0 \uc0\u7913 ng d\u7909 ng Text in photo tuy\u7879 t v\u7899 i nh\u7845 t cho ph\'e9p b\u7841 n xem, ch\u7881 nh s\u7917 a v\'e0 chia s\u7867  \'93quote\'94 \u273 \u7871 n b\u7841 n b\'e8 c\u7911 a b\u7841 n. \u7912 ng d\u7909 ng c\'f3 ch\u7913 a h\'e0ng ng\'e0n c\'e2u n\'f3i hay \u273 \u432 \u7907 c chia ra th\'e0nh nhi\u7873 u chuy\'ean m\u7909 c. N\'f3 gi\'fap b\u7841 n d\u7877  d\'e0ng t\'ecm \u273 \u432 \u7907 c nh\u7919 ng c\'e2u n\'f3i y\'eau th\'edch \u273 \u7875  chia s\u7867  cho b\u7841 n b\'e8.\
\
Tuy\uc0\u7879 t v\u7901 i h\u417 n n\u7919 a, b\u7841 n c\'f3 th\u7875  t\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng b\u7913 c \u7843 nh quote tuy\u7879 t \u273 \u7865 p t\u7915  th\u432  vi\u7879 n quote c\u7911 a ch\'fang t\'f4i. \u7912 ng d\u7909 ng cung c\u7845 p 1 b\u7897  c\'f4ng c\u7909  \u273 \u7847 y \u273 \u7911  nh\u432 ng r\u7845 t d\u7877  s\u7917  d\u7909 ng gi\'fap b\u7841 n c\'f3 th\u7875  t\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng b\u7913 c \u7843 nh quote tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i b\u7857 ng c\'e1ch vi\u7871 t ch\u7919  l\'ean \u7843 nh v\'e0 chia s\u7867  ch\'fang l\'ean c\'e1c m\u7841 ng x\'e3 h\u7897 i \
\
H\'e0ng tr\uc0\u259 m font ch\u7919  \u273 \u7865 p, r\u7845 t nhi\u7873 u nh\u7919 ng b\u7913 c \u7843 nh \u273 \u7865 p, c\'e2u n\'f3i hay, \u273 ang ch\u7901  \u273 \u7875  b\u7841 n s\u7917  d\u7909 ng. Ch\'fang gi\'fap b\u7841 n t\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng b\u7913 c \u7843 nh quote theo \'fd mu\u7889 n m\u7897 t c\'e1ch d\u7877  d\'e0ng nh\u7845 t.\cf4 \cb5 \
\
\cf10 H\'e3y h\'ecnh dung r\uc0\u7857 ng, v\u7899 i c\'e1c chuy\'ean m\u7909 c phong ph\'fa, b\u7841 n c\'f3 th\u7875  t\'ecm ki\u7871 m \'fd t\u432 \u7903 ng v\'e0 t\u7841 o cho m\'ecnh nh\u7919 ng quote picure tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i 1 c\'e1ch d\u7877  d\'e0ng nh\u7845 t:\
\
B\uc0\u7841 n \u273 ang mu\u7889 n g\u7917 i 1 l\u7901 i nh\u7855 n cho nh\u7919 ng ng\u432 \u7901 i b\u7841 n t\u7889 t nh\u7845 t c\u7911 a m\'ecnh? H\'e3y t\'ecm ki\u7871 m trong chuy\'ean m\u7909 c Friendship  QUotes\
\
B\uc0\u7841 n \u273 ang c\u7847 n \u273 \u7897 ng l\u7921 c \u273 \u7875  th\u7921 c hi\u7879 n \u432 \u7899 c m\u417 ? Chuy\'ean m\u7909 c Motivational Quote ho\u7863 c Positive Quotes th\'edch h\u7907 p v\u7899 i b\u7841 n.\
\
B\uc0\u7841 n mu\u7889 n g\u7917 i \u273 i\u7873 u t\u7889 t \u273 \u7865 p \u273 \u7871 n cha m\u7865 ? H\'e3y \u273 \u7875  chuy\'ean m\u7909 c Father QUotes ho\u7863 c Mother QUotes n\'f3i thay cho b\u7841 n.\
\
B\uc0\u7841 n c\'f3 c\u7843 m th\u7845 y y\'eau \u273 \u7901 i v\'e0 cu\u7897 c s\u7889 ng th\u7853 t t\u432 \u417 i \u273 \u7865 p, h\'e3y chia s\u7867  nh\u7919 ng c\'e2u n\'f3i hay trong chuy\'ean m\u7909 c Life Quote \u273 \u7871 n nh\u7919 ng ng\u432 \u7901 i kh\'e1c,\cf4 \
\
\cf10 B\uc0\u7841 n mu\u7889 n t\'ecm c\'e2u n\'f3i trong ng\'e0y \u273 \u7875  l\u7845 y c\u7843 m h\u7913 ng? My Quotes s\u7869  ngay l\u7853 p t\u7913 c \u273 \u432 a ra g\u7907 i \'fd cho b\u7841 n.\
\
R\uc0\u7845 t r\u7845 t nhi\u7873 u \u273 i\u7873 u th\'fa v\u7883  \u273 ang ch\u7901  b\u7841 n. B\u7841 n c\u361 ng c\'f3 th\u7875  t\u7921  t\u7841 o cho m\'ecnh nh\u7919 ng c\'e2u n\'f3i, b\'e0i th\u417 , c\u7843 m x\'fac hay b\u7845 t c\u7913  th\u7913  g\'ec \u273 \u7875  chia s\u7867  cho b\u7841 n b\'e8 c\u7911 a b\u7841 n.\cf4 \
\
\
\
\cf10 V\uc0\u7899 i thi\u7871 t k\u7871  giao di\u7879 n \u273 \u7865 p, t\u7889 i \u432 u tr\u7843 i nghi\u7879 m ng\u432 \u7901 i d\'f9ng, My Quotes l\'e0 \u7913 ng d\u7909 ng quote creator t\u7889 t nh\u7845 t v\'e0 d\u7877  d\'e0ng nh\u7845 t gi\'fap b\u7841 n t\u7841 o ra quote t\u7915  tr\u432 \u7899 c \u273 \u7871 n nay. B\u7841 n c\'f3 th\u7875  d\u7877  d\'e0ng chia s\u7867  c\'e1c quote ch\'fang t\'f4i cung c\u7845 p ho\u7863 c c\'e1c t\'e1c ph\u7849 m c\u7911 a b\u7841 n l\'ean c\'e1c m\u7841 ng x\'e3 h\u7897 i nh\u432  FB, twitter, instagram, whatsapp hay b\u7845 t c\u7913  \u7913 ng d\u7909 ng n\'e0o.\
\
Nh\uc0\u7919 ng \u273 i\u7873 u \u273 \u7863 c bi\u7879 t c\u7911 a My Quotes - best \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 quote creator\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 m\'e0 b\uc0\u7841 n kh\'f4ng th\u7875  b\u7887  qua:\
\
- GIao di\uc0\u7879 n tuy\u7879 t \u273 \u7865 p, th\'e2n thi\u7879 n v\u7899 i ng\u432 \u7901 i d\'f9ng.\
- Ch\uc0\u7913 a h\'e0ng ng\'e0n quote theo c\'e1c ch\u7911  \u273 \u7873  cho b\u7841 n th\u432 \u7903 ng th\u7913 c: B\u7841 n b\'e8, t\'ecnh y\'eau, c\u7843 m h\u7913 ng, gia \u273 \'ecnh, v\'e0 nhi\u7873 u nhi\u7873 u chuy\'ean m\u7909 c th\'fa v\u7883  kh\'e1c\'85\
- T\uc0\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng quote photo d\u7877  d\'e0ng t\u7915  th\u432  vi\u7879 n background \u273 \u7865 p c\'f9ng v\u7899 i \'fd t\u432 \u7903 ng phong ph\'fa. B\u7841 n c\u361 ng c\'f3 th\u7875  s\u7917  d\u7909 ng \'fd t\u432 \u7903 ng c\u7911 a ch\'ednh b\u7841 n c\'f9ng nh\u7919 ng b\u7913 c h\'ecnh c\'f3 s\u7861 n trong m\'e1y hay ch\u7909 p t\u7915  camera. \
- Cung c\uc0\u7845 p nh\u7919 ng font ch\u7919  \u273 \u7865 p nh\u7845 t (kho\u7843 ng 100 fonts) l\'e0m cho b\u7913 c h\'ecnh c\u7911 a b\u7841 n c\'e0ng tr\u7903  n\'ean ngh\u7879  thu\u7853 t v\'e0 h\u7845 p d\u7851 n h\u417 n.\
- Cung c\uc0\u7845 p c\'e1c hi\u7879 u \u7913 ng \u7843 nh sinh \u273 \u7897 ng \u273 \u7875  l\'e0m cho quote picture c\u7911 a b\u7841 n \u273 \u7865 p h\u417 n.\
 - T\uc0\u7845 t c\u7843  nh\u7919 ng g\'ec b\u7841 n c\u7847 n l\'e0m l\'e0 ch\'e8n ch\u7919  l\'ean \u7843 nh v\'e0 l\'e0m cho ch\'fang th\u7853 t \u273 \u7865 p b\u7857 ng c\'e1c c\'f4ng c\u7909  tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i (nh\u432 ng d\u7877  s\u7917  d\u7909 ng) c\u7911 a My Quotes. H\'e3y s\'e1ng t\u7841 o \u273 \u7875  t\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng t\'e1c ph\u7849 m tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i.\
- D\uc0\u7877  d\'e0ng l\u432 u l\u7841 i quotes v\'e0 chia s\u7867  cho b\u7841 n b\'e8 qua m\u7841 ng x\'e3 h\u7897 i c\'e1c t\'e1c ph\u7849 m tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i c\u7911 a b\u7841 n.\
- \uc0\u7912 ng d\u7909 ng kh\'f4ng ch\'e8n watermark l\'ean c\'e1c quotes pictures c\u7911 a b\u7841 n.\
- My Quotes ho\'e0n to\'e0n mi\uc0\u7877 n ph\'ed. \cf4 \
\
H\'e3y t\uc0\u7841 o ra nh\u7919 ng \u273 i\u7873 u tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i t\u7915  \u7913 ng d\u7909 ng tuy\u7879 t v\u7901 i c\u7911 a ch\'fang t\'f4i.}